Standardize publications using Zotero API (#474)
hms-dbmi/gehlenborglab-website: _publications/gehlenborg-2016-cell-glioma.md

  - nils-gehlenborg
type: article
year: 2016
publisher: "https://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S009286741501692X"
doi: "10.1016/j.cell.2015.12.028"
zotero-key: "SZJIC3VP"
cite:

>   authors: "M Ceccarelli, FP Barthel, TM Malta, TS Sabedot, SR Salama, BA Murray, O Morozova, Y Newton, A Radenbaugh, SM Pagnotta, S Anjum, J Wang, G Manyam, P Zoppoli, S Ling, AA Rao, M Grifford, AD Cherniack, H Zhang, L Poisson, CG Carlotti, DPC Tirapelli, A Rao, T Mikkelsen, CC Lau, WKA Yung, R Rabadan, J Huse, DJ Brat, NL Lehman, JS Barnholtz-Sloan, S Zheng, K Hess, G Rao, M Meyerson, R Beroukhim, L Cooper, R Akbani, M Wrensch, D Haussler, KD Aldape, PW Laird, DH Gutmann, H Noushmehr, A Iavarone, RGW Verhaak, S Anjum, H Arachchi, JT Auman, M Balasundaram, S Balu, G Barnett, S Baylin, S Bell, C Benz, N Bir, KL Black, T Bodenheimer, L Boice, MS Bootwalla, J Bowen, CA Bristow, YSN Butterfield, QR Chen, L Chin, J Cho, E Chuah, S Chudamani, SG Coetzee, ML Cohen, H Colman, M Couce, F D’Angelo, T Davidsen, A Davis, JA Demchok, K Devine, L Ding, R Duell, JB Elder, JM Eschbacher, A Fehrenbach, M Ferguson, S Frazer, G Fuller, J Fulop, SB Gabriel, L Garofano, JM Gastier-Foster, N Gehlenborg, M Gerken, G Getz, C Giannini, WJ Gibson, A Hadjipanayis, DN Hayes, DI Heiman, B Hermes, J Hilty, KA Hoadley, AP Hoyle, M Huang, SR Jefferys, CD Jones, SJM Jones, Z Ju, A Kastl, A Kendler, J Kim, R Kucherlapati, PH Lai, MS Lawrence, S Lee, KM Leraas, TM Lichtenberg, P Lin, Y Liu, J Liu, JY Ljubimova, Y Lu, Y Ma, DT Maglinte, HS Mahadeshwar, MA Marra, M McGraw, C McPherson, S Meng, PA Mieczkowski, CR Miller, GB Mills, RA Moore, LE Mose, AJ Mungall, R Naresh, T Naska, L Neder, MS Noble, A Noss, BP O’Neill, QT Ostrom, C Palmer, A Pantazi, M Parfenov, PJ Park, JS Parker, CM Perou, CR Pierson, T Pihl, A Protopopov, A Radenbaugh, NC Ramirez, WK Rathmell, X Ren, J Roach, AG Robertson, G Saksena, JE Schein, SE Schumacher, J Seidman, K Senecal, S Seth, H Shen, Y Shi, J Shih, K Shimmel, H Sicotte, S Sifri, T Silva, JV Simons, R Singh, T Skelly, AE Sloan, HJ Sofia, MG Soloway, X Song, C Sougnez, C Souza, SM Staugaitis, H Sun, C Sun, D Tan, J Tang, Y Tang, L Thorne, FA Trevisan, T Triche, DJ Van Den Berg, U Veluvolu, D Voet, Y Wan, Z Wang, R Warnick, JN Weinstein, DJ Weisenberger, MD Wilkerson, F Williams, L Wise, Y Wolinsky, J Wu, AW Xu, L Yang, L Yang, TI Zack, JC Zenklusen, J Zhang, W Zhang, J Zhang, E Zmuda"

Author: ```suggestion
  authors: "M Ceccarelli, FP Barthel, TM Malta, TS Sabedot, SR Salama, BA Murray, O Morozova, Y Newton, A Radenbaugh, SM Pagnotta, S Anjum, J Wang, G Manyam, P Zoppoli, S Ling, AA Rao, M Grifford, AD Cherniack, H Zhang, L Poisson, CG Carlotti, DPC Tirapelli, A Rao, T Mikkelsen, CC Lau, WKA Yung, R Rabadan, J Huse, DJ Brat, NL Lehman, JS Barnholtz-Sloan, S Zheng, K Hess, G Rao, M Meyerson, R Beroukhim, L Cooper, R Akbani, M Wrensch, D Haussler, KD Aldape, PW Laird, DH Gutmann, *The Cancer Genome Atlas Research Network* (incl. N Gehlenborg), H Noushmehr, A Iavarone, RGW Verhaak"
```
